both agencies work the only thing that i'm not all that alone in this year
changed after a few days on the knee to reclassification
several years in a collision
make a declaration arm arm pinch to work
it will ask the regular visitors to the swimming pool atlantis schröder
that old pekela can continue to swim
but just out of their own in the hot tub the in a few years no longer
the current swimming pool will be demolished and I will return to the so-called instruction pool
it becomes a stop to the property without a slide and without a bubble bath
intention is to have one
instruction bath to go and peter hustinx between that
after eating 15 meters wide from Zevenhoven
but in fact we can do everything where we now also end up freeing through a ball
months of recreational swimming
So the target groups that are there now can weather that can stay there
all target groups that are now there
can just stay
this applies, for example, to these people who suffer from heart disease
the
haha
according to a recent school swimming, the new bid will remain possible
according to the director of the country it is a major intervention
it is a major loss for the residents of the Pekela municipality
that means for the staff
that will certainly also have consequences for ours in particular
Staff members
because people have to leave
So there may not be a future, but I can imagine that you will
with your staff
then you must be in full swing
according to the municipality of pekela, intervention is necessary
maintaining that country to its full extent is far too expensive
a lot of money can be saved with the new bath
the further cortebeeck mine
rounded approximately
7 8 tons per year the rich to a new foot the new pool costs
two tons per year
give a cut of at least half a million and unnecessary in these times
the construction costs of the new bid are estimated at € 7 million in a coma
in January 2011, that country will be closed for a year for demolition and new construction
the city council will decide on the plan in November